-- filetypes --

.sav is for general save files
.var is for saved variables
.vr1 is for variables that will be deleted if the player saves
.vr2 is for variables that will be deleted if the player does not save

-- to do --

-Finish drugs.bat
-Finish the first date phonecall (flirting)
-Create the first date scenario
-Add more fights into the game
-Do slums.bat
-Put the mafia in there...
-A way to get patience.
-Clothing system to adjust sexy variable.
-Add the fat lane into the game somehow.
-Cookbook system?
-Make the entire cooking system less shitty. Iron chef?
-Hacking missions. Incorporate Gmail?

-- weet points --
Fix the picture.
Find the Feynmale shrine.
Help the old lady.
Take a shower.
Bumble a bun.
Play Funtimes.
Cook bologna salad.
Fix the TV.
Meet potential girlfriend.
Choose not to steal the gun.
Go to the mall with girl.
Blackmail the spotty clerk.
Slide on the slide.
Scold someone on the forum.
Fix the MySQL on the forum.
Hang out with friend.
Beat the psychic hobo.
Be patient on the forum. *not yet possible
Have a system rating of 10. *not yet possible
Give girl a gift during first date. *not yet possible
First kiss. *not yet possible

Total: 17 weet points (+4 not yet possible)

-- money gain --
$5 from the old lady in carpark
$100 from the robbery
$20 from the perfect pizza blackmail
$34 from the psychic hobo

Total: $159

-- money loss --
(only the money the user MUST spend to get weet points)

$10 on food for perfect pizza
$10 on food for bologna salad
$10 for pizza
$300 for best CPU
$150 on 8GB RAM
$20 on wifi adaptor
$20 on another wifi adaptor for girl
$30 on wireless keyboard and mouse
$200 on new monitor

Total: $750

-- stat gains --
(not necessarily all accessible in one run, but should be equal nonetheless)

Doing drugs with friend. +2 dex
Have a system rating of 10. -2 dex
Finding the Feynmale shrine. -1 dex
Helping the old lady. -1 str
Being dumb with Dana before first date. +1 str
Going to Galaxy with girl. +1 dex
Viewing previews at Galaxy with girl. +1 str
Checking coin slot at Galaxy with girl. -1 dex
Playing pinball at Galaxy with girl. -1 str
Trying to buy Galaxy popcorn with girl. +1 dex
Buying groceries with girl. -1 dex
Race through Metro with girl. +1 dex
Introduce girl to the shifty guy. +1 dex
Eat pizza with girl during meeting. -1 str
Play flashlight tag with girl. +1 str
Start conversation with spotty clerk. +1 dex
Apologize to girl for talking to spotty clerk. -1 dex
Lie to girl about spotty clerk. +1 dex
Successfully complete meeting with girl. -1 str
Fixing the TV. -1 dex
Hang out with friend. -1 str
Teach friend the gift of patience. -1 dex
Choose to steal gun. +1 str
Apologize to the burly man. -1 dex
Bumbling a bun. -1 str, +1 dex
Arrange the meeting with girl. -1 str
Plan a first date with girl. -1 str
Blackmailing the spotty clerk. +1 str
Sliding on the slide. +1 str, +1 dex
Scold someone on the forum. -1 str
Fixing the MySQL on the forum. -1 dex
Be patient on the forum. -1 dex, -1 str
Have 42 posts on the forum. -1 dex
Try to threaten the teen from Mac's. +1 str
Taking a shower. -1 str

Total: -2 str, 0 dex

-- debugging --

in bedroom, type DEBUG, then GRACE, then HOPPER to enter debug mode
type WEET to edit weet points or MONEY to edit money
type STR, DEX, CHA, or INT to edit the respective stats
then type the number (negative or positive)
you are kicked out of debug mode after one edit

-- computer system --

System rating is determined by the amount of crap added to the system. The computer starts at 1, +3 for the i7 CPU (+2 and +1 for the two lower level CPUs; bonuses do not stack if multiple CPUs are installed, since the new one replaces the old one). +3 for 8GB RAM (+2 and +1 for the lower levels, same as the CPUs). +1 for each of the miscellaneous items for a maximum possible score of 10 (1+3+3+1+1+1).

-- shifty quest --

initial state - there is nothing, quest is open, pizza is open
no pizza if no shifty.var
talk to shifty, get shifty.var
no talking to shifty if shifty.var
buy pizza, get ppizza.var
talk to shifty if shifty.var AND ppizza.var, get pizza.var
no talking to shifty if pizza.var
no buying pizza if pizza.var, ppizza.var, or pppizza.var
use pizza.var to make pppizza.var
sell pppizza.var, get pizzaweet.var
talk to shifty if pizzaweet.var, get shiftyy.var
no more pizza or shifty, ever

-- rob quest --

initial state - there is nothing, quest is open, ammunation is open
get robquest.var from guy in Mac's
get girls.var from girls at playground if robquest.var
get gun.var and girl.var afterwards
no more ammunation if gun.var
rob Mac's, get $200, get robquestt.var

-- girlfriend quest

0 = no significant relationship
1 = user has flirted with girl
2 = user has hung out with girl, has crush
3 = user is dating her
4 = user is in love
5 = user has come out to mother
meet girl during rob quest
get meetgirl.var by talking to girl on phone (love=1)
meet girl at mall, get metgirl.var
successfully complete meeting subquest (love=2)
talk to Dana at friend's house, get metdana.var
optional: buy something from The Source
phone girl, get dateplanned.var
*meet girl at playground

-- variables --

choice - user's latest decision (usually equal to a, b, c, d, stats, or save)
energy - amount of energy points in inventory (should be 0-30)
weet - number of weet points in inventory
money - amount of money user has
love - invisible relationship value (should be 0-4)
sexy - how sexy user is (should be 0-4)
posts - number of posts on the forum
flash - number of flashlights in inventory (5dmg)
bran - the user's first name
rainey - the user's last name
ryan - the user's friend's first name
man - boy or girl
shrine - whether user has gone to Feynmale shrine
food - whether the user has food
bolognasalad - whether user can cook bologna salad
bolognaweet - whether user has gotten weet point from bologna salad
pizza - whether user can cook perfect pizza
ppizza - whether store-bought perfect pizza is in inventory (10dmg)
pppizza - whether homemade perfect pizza is in inventory (10dmg)
pizzaweet - whether user has gotten weet point from perfect pizza
shifty - whether user has accepted shifty quest
shiftyy - whether user has completed shifty quest
tvskill - whether user can fix the TV
fixedtv - whether TV is fixed
patience - whether user has gift of patience
rpatience - whether user's friend has gift of patience
bumbled - whether the bun has been bumbled
bike - whether bike is in inventory
mysql - whether user can fix MySQL
fmysql - whether MySQL has been fixed
showered - whether user has showered
rab - whether user has found rab easter egg
oldlady - whether user has encountered old lady at mall
doucheweet - whether user has gotten weet #1 from forum
patienceweet - whether user has gotten weet #2 from forum
slideweet - whether user got weet from slide
funweet - whether user got weet from funtimes
popcorn - whether popcorn is in inventory (50dmg)
robquest - whether user has accepted rob quest
robquestt - whether user has completed rob quest
robthink - whether user has decided to think about accepting rob quest
nogun - whether the burly man has scolded user
gun - whether user has gun (100dmg)
gunsold - whether user sold gun to bike girl
girl - whether user has met girl
girls - whether little girls are following user
calledgirl - whether user has called girl
meetgirl - whether girl has agreed to meet user
metgirl - whether girl has met user
boughtdrugs - whether user has bought drugs
nodrugs - whether user said no to drugs
nnodrugs - whether user was scared away from drugs
cheapdrugs - user couldn't afford drugs
donedrugs - whether user has done drugs at least once
drugs - drugs (10dmg)
macsdrugs - whether user has gone to mac's while on drugs
playdrugs - whether user has gone to the playground while on drugs
homedrugs - whether user has gone home while on drugs
outofdrugs - whether user has run out of drugs
outofdrugss - whether user has run out of drugs (filler)
hungout - whether user has hung out with friend
metdana - whether user has met Dana at friend's house
dateplanned - whether user has planned a first date with girl
cpu1 - worst CPU (Intel 2.0GHz Celeron) (5dmg)
cpu2 - middle CPU (AMD Dual-Core Opteron 875) (10dmg)
cpu3 - best CPU (i7 2.66 GHz Quad-Core) (15dmg)
ram1 - 2GB of RAM (2dmg)
ram2 - 4GB of RAM (4dmg)
ram3 - 8GB of RAM (8dmg)
wifi - Linksys wi-fi adaptor (2dmg)
wkam - wireless keyboard and mouse (4dmg)
monitor - 20" HD monitor (20dmg)
cpu1i - installed worst CPU (Intel 2.0GHz Celeron)
cpu2i - installed middle CPU (AMD Dual-Core Opteron 875)
cpu3i - installed best CPU (i7 2.66 GHz Quad-Core)
ram1i - installed 2GB of RAM
ram2i - installed 4GB of RAM
ram3i - installed 8GB of RAM
wifii - installed Linksys wi-fi adaptor
wkami - installed wireless keyboard and mouse
monitori - plugged in 20" HD monitor
powerweet - user has gotten weet point from having system rating 10
picweet - user has tilted picture frame
hobo - whether user has gotten rid of the hobo in the alleyway
slushskill - user has looked up slushies on Wikipedia
wrench - user has a wrench (10dmg)
fixedslush - user has repaired slushie machine
slushie - user has a slushie (10dmg)